all right.
The
Yes.
We have come to our committee room and remind the members that we are here as the guests of the committee and consequently much confine with one family rule that the committee has asked to share the report.
That is our duty. I know there are to be no audible.
Manifest patients have approval or disagreeable from any members of the audience at any time or in any way.
The committee is to politely escort some of the room without any further orders.
Anybody who violates the conditions under which you enter this chamber as I get.
You know what they are? No audible manifestations of approval or disagreeable at any time or in any way.
The committee will come to our duty and under the arrangement under which we recess.
The chair will recognize some of the questions who discuss his motion or to propose his motion if he has made any changes in the question of the month of house.
The chair will recognize that two minor modifications have been made in the motion as it is presented this morning.
The first one of ours is the elimination of the words, Paul we buckle, hand line and take for seven.
It is a line six of the resolution submitted this morning.
And there has been submit that has been inserted after the words forthwith, the words,
the words, hand a spell and complete time space as such and then testimonies.
So those are the only two modifications that have been made in the resolution.
What about the resolution there?
In line six, the words, Paul we buckle, has been taken out of the language and read,
about it that other witnesses requested by any principal may be called an executive section for it.
And then afterwards forthwith, the words are inserted and a full and complete transcript of,
so it reads and a full and complete transcript of sub testimony, we made public a need with this.
Some of the chairman there is a little that I need to say with respect to this motion other than what I observed this morning with the exception one thing.
I think some questions arose as to whether or not the continuity of the,
the continuity of testimony might be disturbed by a meeting of the executive section.
I had no such thought in mind because if Paul instanted this resolution were adopted and said it in the clock he had just to stand,
certainly it did not mean that the continuity of the testimony be disturbed throughout the day.
And this contemplated course that any executive section that may be held would be held at the end of the day,
so it's not to include upon the testimony of the witness.
I think I ought to make that clear.
I think all of the members of the committee discussed this motion.
But he spoke to me this morning, but certainly the chair has no disposition to deny any signature the right to comment on it further.
They clearly brought it, go around and table to discuss with the various entities involved in this contemplated,
whether they consider it is in the interest of fairness and equity or whether they protest against it as being something that's taken to the committee may have devised which is unfair or unjust.
So any other countries that are in a mixed sense, they have the answer to those questions that you have said you would ask.
I do, sir. I'm sorry for those other thoughts, but I would like to have their answer before I come home.
Very well, the chair has said publicly and wants to reiterate now that he's on work.
That while he feels individually and personally that the direction has evolved,
they're pointless with shortening these hearings, which the great is the chair considered it in the interest of expeditions and the public interest because it's not close to hearing,
it deserves to be chair and the committee acting together the right to reopen them at any time in any way,
and it does put in balance.
They touch the money up to the time that we switch into a different procedure because it provides a kind of a carpea must testify under oath before any change is made in the program.
The chair has held it.
If there are entities here, who do their counsel feel that there should be something unjust or unfair, the chair would not vote for such a position.
The chair is the one who wants this committee to command the respect of the participants in the country voting in the public and he can do that only.
Whatever arrangement is finally made, whether it seems to be satisfactory or un-satisfaction for others,
it's considered by the people involved as being indient to serve.
If that's back down, he wants to go around the table.
Sorry for the subject of my carpea and ask him whether it is a opinion, if we adopt this resolution and if the chair votes for it,
he feels that he has confidence enough in what he's said out in that resolution and in the committee and the way it will be interpreted so that he would not protest against it on the basis of his being unfair or unjust.
Mr. Chairman, Mr. MacRattis?
Mr. MacRattis, I have agreed that the many seating and proposed agreements that sit down with the chair and get back to our work.
My time is very able to counsel Mr. Welch for reasons that I'm sure he considers the committee valid.
I'm sure he's been completely honest and just agreed before I started agreeing to my 29th agreement, I would like to know how they're not acceptable to Mr. Welch otherwise would have raised their time.
The chair proposes to go around the triangle and the same order that he has been going around this path for some time now.
He said it's presented from the country but on his own in the video responsibility, if I was he is from there.
He would consider this as unfair or unjust because as he knows and as the chair has expected himself, he's a Mr. Hensel and Mr. Welch says it is unfair or unjust.
The chair will not vote but can pay for it but the resolution.
Now, I'd like to do that with the chair when I'm sticking out only for myself but for the two young men on my staff, whether I'm implicated in this matter, they have told me I can stick for them.
Now, let me tell you that I hardly approve of that portion of the resolution which provides that I'm going to take the stand on the road and the subject of completely false-authentic domination that again he left and left would leave the public disturbed not part of the sign.
I am somewhat disturbed but those portions have provided for executive types and testimony and I say it's the reason for that because nothing goes my conscious committee.
I think the reason I better approach the disappearing more accurate coverage so that's why I have any other hearing I have been in.
I believe that one of the reasons for that has been the influence of television because a million of people see the ceiling on.
They pick up their paper, they don't quite like the similar letters I would like to say.
I would like to say this is a nor reflection upon the last number of working press men who visit my office every day who are completely honest and completely competent.
I am referring to some of the waiting hard columnist.
The television has kept them fighting out of bits and that reason I approve of developing an television.
However, if the committee thinks that this will shorten the hearing so that we can get back to the work which we should be doing, I would say that I will be more than happy to rely upon the judgment of the board of the committee and will make no objection.
And that goes for Mr. Tarr right away.
Mr. Tarr and Mr. Cohn and myself.
I would like to bring over the...
I am sorry you had had opportunity to consult with your client. I would like to direct the same question to you.
And now I have had an opportunity to read this resolution and I would like to inquire of you whether on the basis of the resolution I just is to go down to you and your knowledge of the committee on this council,
whether you would have confidence of this procedure to operate without doing injury to your client from the standpoint of being unfair or unjust.
Mr. Cohn, I have had an opportunity to confer with my client and as I anticipated, my client's views are entirely the same as mine were when the resolution was presented before me.
You will recall that I asked for an opportunity to confer with him only for the reason that he hadn't seen the resolution. I was quite confident as to what his views were based.
Mr. Hensel's position is unchanged. Certain unsupported charges have been made against him in the answer filed by some of the McCarthy to the so-called Army charges which were presented for this committee.
These charges have been categorically denied by Mr. Hensel. No proof has been offered in support of these charges and as a matter of fact, the testimony thus far in my judgment contradicts them.
We know the facts and we know that these charges cannot be supported. As I pointed out yesterday, there is thus far not the slightest evidence in this record of support.
Having made the charges, it is up to a man who makes charges to prove. In this country at least, thank God, a person is not yet required to undertake the burden of proving his innocence of unsupported charges made against him without proof.
I say to Mr. Committee, you, Mr. Chairman, and the members of this committee, that there is and can be no proof in support of these charges and after appropriate time, I will move before this committee to dismiss the charges as Mr. Hensel on the mark for complete failure of proof.
And I confidently expect this committee will grant such a motion. The charges will end as unproven and I therefore see no reason for Mr. Hensel under present circumstances or for the able circumstances.
To apologize, resolution, we're consequently willing to go along. However, I wish to make it entirely planned. If there is any evidence, put into this record. The time to implicate Mr. Hensel.
I reserve the right to refuse such evidence by the testimony of Mr. Hensel himself and such other witnesses as we may be necessary to call.
Under such circumstances, I will insist that Mr. Hensel be heard just as anyone who shares witness against him has been heard by this committee.
Let me be precisely sure now that the chair and the danger we fly, the relation to my responsibility and as one says, my vote is actually being sort of cast by copy, either by Senator Matati or by you or Mr. Will.
In the interest of Ernest and Wussett, there's a chair taken from that as he thinks he does. That you raise no protest at this time to this proposed procedure on the basis of a Z, either unfair or unjust.
Now, you specifically asked me, Mr. Chairman, whether in my view, the resolution violates any principles of fairness, justice, or equity as far as my client is concerned.
That's correct, Mr. Iley. Why do you? As far as my client is concerned, with the reservations that I made, and I think I quite find.
I do not consider that the resolution is objectionable from that point of view. Thank you, Mr. Will. May I repeat what I have said as I can to each of the other two members of the council.
The chair would like to know because he has taken publicly how his vote will be determined on this issue. Whether or not in your opinion, after having read this proposed, your action resolution has modified.
You would feel and your client would feel that you have confidence enough in the procedures that's worth an in this committee and if the capacity to interpret.
So that you would not protest against the procedure on the basis of a Z, unfair or unjust of your client.
This is not a seeming moment for me. I came down from Boston and the skies of a simple trial lawyer. I suppose I tried to take up some questions that I was interested in.
Then I didn't write there after I had come out of it. I was better getting a chance to do that sort of thing.
I listened to these remarks here of the future of our country. Now wave all that things and then there's somebody that's going to make some kind of a decision.
When we get to that moment, I kind of wish I were back in Boston just as I suspected. I just kind of wish as a friend. He was back in Tennessee.
Now I've gotten in my family of fire listeners from Tennessee and I'm told forth and I have temporarily lost contact with my client.
When I had contact with him, he pledged to leave that from three and a half lines near the bottom of this resolution could come out and go as I will read.
Let's be understanding that no investigation of noitarian relations or personnel shall be undertaken until the flexibility has been through the depending investigations.
It's a seed and mercy to say that he had no desire to insist on no worries and that he was always in favor of any investigation properly conducted as the military told that he would do without those words.
Now after the resolution except for that, Mr. Stevens took the position this morning that he would abide as I recall his statements by any decision that he made.
Mr. Stevens else that they pull and fair hearing in the open was required. I cannot receive from that position without an opportunity to consult with him which I think I should have as his statement clear and I did not come back expecting to find a new resolution.
I will say one thing that sir Demacati and I are very cautious to an understanding between each other that we have ever been because he said that he was somewhat disturbed by the portion of the ruling calling for executive hearing and I am equally disturbed.
It does seem to mean that as to the five principles it was divided to have their statement heard in public as was the case with Mr. Stevens.
You will recall that the coming statement that has been on the stand so that we could see him and I must say to members of the state that I shall call the opposition to stand on the stand chart.
Mr. Demacati I do share your uniqueness about that portion calling for executive hearing and my own feeling with the essentially of this committee would be happier if we dealt with the five principles such that subsidiary witnesses and that as I naturally call the check there principle testimony and open hearing and then we can have all kinds of blocks of a basis to how many passes Mr. Shion had under what circumstances are things of that sort.
Without, therefore, my position is as follows Mr. Chairman, without consultation with my client and what you might call an order from him to agree to this proposal.
I can only say that there is no things that I am aware of as I sit here from this position this morning.
The secretary is taking this morning in order to know that there was no mention of whether the secretary considered this to be an unfair or unjust procedure in order to the secretary did express a approval and a preference for hearing all of the witnesses in open session.
But the chair has not quite had an answer from you sir as to whether you under have a client want to under all of the circumstances and have to have a steady resolution whether you want to interpose an objection to this under basis that you or your client would consider this to be an unfair or an unjust procedure.
Mr. Chairman, with all humility sir, because it is your very brave statement of how you will vote depending on the answer to that.
I think I ought not to answer that without consultation with my client.
I think that I will be it, my entire whether your client is where you should be reached by telephone so that you should sit in charge and now we would like to give you the justice resolution up for a down and get on with the business as possible.
We've taken a long time and the second I was very much in hopes to be in consultation with the client during the new now.
Well, we were but you see I knew somewhat changed resolution and some I believe I could be by telephone if you were to do about this.
I was very very much appreciated because if you're going to cast my property for you and I want to be cast in service.
There is a private telephone chair right here.
I am a chairman.
How do you get there?
This is a horrible one thing. How do I get there? I think I just assumed I was going to tell her.
Of course we have a 10 minute recess for a second.
Okay, Mr. Welk did not know the telephone number of the Pentagon and they also prefer to leave the room and go to another room to make the telephone call.
The secretary of the Army Steven for a very brief telephone call consultation and this matter of whether or not the secretary feels it will be unfair or unjust in the words of the time of the month that the directs and motion be adopted as a session.
I have a small consultation and Senator Munn, the chairman of the committee and the three Democratic members.
The consultation is still going on. Senator Jackson of Washington's standing and the fouring information into his here is apparently the gentleman from the Associated Suspension to Jack Bell.
Yes, that's right.
We have a very temporary recess here.
Well, the secretary of the Army Council just as well leaves the caucus room and goes to a nearby office where he wrote telephone secretary of the Army to get his views in the matter of whether or not he feels it will be unfair or unjust to accept the resolution offers this morning by Senator Jackson.
Now if I were a little bit of a round up here, Senator McCracky, I would rather Senator Munn, open the hearing by saying that's refating his position.
That by much dependent on his votes, if not, if any of the principal's in the case, felt that it would be unjust or unfair to adopt the motion of the president which would in effect close public discussion.
Immediately after Senator McCracky was on the bat, went around the table and spoke to Senator McCracky first, Senator McCracky said that if he did not object, particularly to this motion, Senator McCracky said that he was disturbed by the proposal to the executive session, executive hearing, however he said that he would go along with that slight reservation.
Senator McCracky said that he was not an objection to the reservation. He said that he spoke also as far as the associates, Mr. Cohn and Mr. Carr.
Now let's read that Jackson's resolution, as it was modified again, that's known when the committee was called to work.
In fact, the resolution was read into the records this morning, copies were made and passed around, however when the afternoon session opened, Senator Jackson had to bury minor alterations in that resolution and rather read it now as it was presently before.
The Jackson motion, I move that the testimony of Secretary Steven B. concluded on the adoption of this motion.
That Senator McCracky be then called for testimony and for direct and public examination.
That on the conclusion that Senator McCracky's testimony, the public hearing, be recessed provided that other witnesses requested by any principle for revoked may be called an executive session for which and such testimony be made public immediately.
Now the modifications which Mr. Jackson put on that motion after that the then session.
Now the words for reputtle were dropped and words after forth with were added.
So that now this particular paragraph or section of the Jackson motion read, that on the conclusion of Senator McCracky's testimony, the public hearing, be recessed provided that other witnesses requested by any principle may be called an executive session for forth with and full and complete transcripts.
The such testimony be made public immediately.
That committee count there is Mr. McCracky by the way, starting now at Jack Bell.
That committee, the fact of the direct and resolution, that committee counsel be instructed to survey the charges and testimony and interview all witnesses suggested by any party concerned as well as any other witnesses from the chairman or counsel being necessary and then report his rather may other statements of all witnesses and any other facts brought to the attention of counsel to the subcommittee which subcommittee should then determine whether for the public hearing the necessary.
That has the conclusion of the testimony by Senator McCracky's directive subcommittee shall resume its normal functions on the rules of the Senate with respect to any matter not related to defending controversy, just the understanding that no investigation of the military and subventions are personnel shall be undertaken until the subcommittee has concluded defending investigation.
And that subcommittee counsel concludes his survey and make his report to the subcommittee not later than June 10th of 1954.
That has make his report on whether or not further public hearings will be necessary to illuminate certain bits of evidence of the facts in any of the cases here.
Now Mr. Wells, from section that the Secretary of the Secretary of the Chiefs, would very well do without that portion of the resolution of the senator virgins which relates to investigations and military installations of personnel.
Well, you have heard the text of the motion of senator virgins to modify it and which is now before the committee.
We will continue with some more discussion of what's going on here but I think this might be very opportune moment while we are waiting for the arrival back in the committee room of the Army Council, well just to call him back to Mr. Stephen to return to our studio to trust the country to permit our stations to identify themselves.
This is ABC Television Network.
Right, next row, places rock America, on ambassadors, Dutchmen, Metropolitan, but wing now is the next and here is the big-sized farm sale.
A famous national emblem of family for them, factory delivery goes for only $1,150. That's your next deal as well.
Now the host of the cellar is also likely sent, all the 50 by the Carpenter case and the joint ministry, thanks for that silly.
Yes, sir.
Back in the Carpenter room and awaiting the arrival back here before the committee of Army Council, well just to let him sit.
If we learn to close this morning session that special area of the Army Stephen that's picked up a virus one time to another and that he was under treatment by a physician with ten of cellars for the aviation's the private conditions.
He said however on the span that he thought wonderful that he could continue with the custom on the however it was decided that the session this morning with recess just as opposed to session any event.
And then the amount of that time that that's just in view of the fact that Mr. Stephen was not well that he could come back to the committee room of the session or not as he shows depending upon his own physical conditions.
However, if he did not come back to the session this afternoon why Secretary Mr. Welch is representing him and make whatever decisions are related to the committee's decision, agreed by the Secretary of the Army.
If the Stephen's apparently did not feel well enough, he felt that he had not come back to trick us to cut some feet there in the witness chair and in place with Mr. Welch to counsel up on the matter of his investigation.
As the Secretary of the month went around the table to inquire if the principal's whether or not they felt the procedure of the adopting of the direct emotion which was put some of the hearings behind closed doors perhaps all of them after the senator McCarthy testimony when he got to Mr. Welch.
Mr. Welch said that the Secretary of the last compliance would be deleted but that he had not been able to consult with Secretary Stephen and he left the room to go to a telephone to make a call and talk with Secretary Stephen's wanted decision as matter of whether he thought it was beyond justice or unwise.
The senator McCarthy to adopt the direct emotion of senator Munch has announced publicly that he will now hear his say.
Committee will not come back to our duty.
The Welch is returned to the committee room and he carries all his will be happy to hear from Mr. Welch.
Mr. Welch, do you have a wonderful invention or a television?
Secretary was able to follow what had happened up there.
That's the compliment that he said.
He was there for a way to talk.
He did not seem to him to take the change in the resolution from this morning to order his statement that he then made.
I suppose that is all you need to hear from him.
We talked to some writer-writers but that is the substance, the importance of what he had to say.
Mr. Welch, you leave the chair very much in doubt with that type of statement because you listen very carefully to what Secretary had to say this morning and the stand-run of his relevancy.
The one factor that weighs most heavily in the mind of the chair and that is regardless of any entities of this dispute,
feels that these suggestions will expedite the hearings, move them more quickly, move them more satisfactorily, the chair is insisting primarily.
I might say, basically, as to whether or not any parties are insisting, they will not make this effort.
you